Enh(mp)monitoring proc before release (#284)
centreon/centreon-documentation: en/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/hardware-storage-nimble-restapi.md

### Collected metrics

The following metrics are collected by the Centreon Nimble Rest API Plugin:

<!--DOCUSAURUS_CODE_TABS-->

<!--Arrays-->

| Metric name                            | Description (per array )             | Unit    |
| :------------------------------------- | :----------------------------------- | :------ |
| status                                 | Array status                         | String  |
| array.space.usage.bytes                | Used space                           | Bytes   |
| array.space.usage.percentage           | Used space                           |   %     |
| array.space.free.bytes                 | Free space                           | Bytes   |
| array.snapshots.compression.rate.count | Snapshot compression ratio           |         |
| array.snapshots.reduction.rate.count   | Snapshot reduction ratio             |         |

<!--Hardware-->

| Component name                         | Description (per array )             | Unit           |
| :------------------------------------- | :----------------------------------- | :------------- |
| Disk                                   | Disk & RAID state                    | String         |

> | Fan                                    | Fan state & speed                    | String/rpm     |

Reviewer: rpm instead of String/rpm
(need Pandoc re-format)

| Power Supply                           | Power Supply state                   | String         |

> | Temperature                            | Temperature state                    | String/celsius |

Reviewer: °C
(need Pandoc re-format)

| volume.io.read.usage.bytespersecond   | Read I/O volume                      | Bytes/s |
| volume.io.write.usage.bytespersecond  | Write I/O volume                     | Bytes/s |
| volume.io.read.usage.iops             | Read IOPS count                      | Iops    |
| volume.io.write.usage.iops            | Write IOPS count                     | Iops    |
| volume.io.read.latency.milliseconds   | Read latency                         | ms      |
| volume.io.write.latency.milliseconds  | Write latency                        | ms      |

<!--END_DOCUSAURUS_CODE_TABS-->

## Prerequisites

### Nimble Rest API configuration

Make sure you can reach Nimble device over its API. Read Prerequistes of the official HPE documentation:
https://infosight.hpe.com/InfoSight/media/cms/active/public/pubs_REST_API_Reference_NOS_51x.whz/jun1455055569904.html

## Installation

<!--DOCUSAURUS_CODE_TABS-->

<!--Online IMP Licence & IT-100 Editions-->

1. Install the Centreon Plugin package on every Centreon poller expected to monitor Nimble Flash Arrays:

```bash
yum install centreon-pack-hardware-storage-nimble-restapi.noarch
```

> 2. On the centreon Web interface, install the *Netdata RestAPI* Centreon Plugin-Pack on the "Configuration > Plugin Packs > Manager" page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. On the centreon Web interface, install the *Nimble Storage Rest API* Centreon Plugin-Pack on the "Configuration > Plugin Packs > Manager" page

```

<!--Offline IMP License-->

1. Install the Centreon Plugin package on every Centreon poller expected to monitor Nimble Flash Arrays:

```bash
yum install centreon-plugin-Hardware-Storage-Nimble-Restapi.noarch
```

2. Install the Centreon Plugin-Pack RPM on the Centreon Central server:

```bash
yum install centreon-pack-hardware-storage-nimble-restapi.noarch
```

> 3. On the centreon Web interface, install the *Nimble SNMP* Centreon Plugin-Pack on the "Configuration > Plugin Packs > Manager" page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. On the centreon Web interface, install the *Nimble Storage Rest API* Centreon Plugin-Pack on the "Configuration > Plugin Packs > Manager" page

```

## Configuration

* Log into Centreon and add new host through "Configuration > Hosts".
* Apply the template *HW-Storage-Nimble-Restapi* to the Host and configure all the mandatories Macros:

| Mandatory | Name                | Description                                                                  |
| :-------- | :------------------ | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| X         | APIPORT             | Port used (Default: 5392)                                                    |
| X         | APIPROTO            | Specify protocol if needed (Default: 'https')                                |
| X         | APIUSERNAME         | Specify the API Username                                                     |
| X         | APIPASSWORD         | Specify the API Password                                                     |    
|           | APIEXTRAOPTIONS     | Any extra option you may want to add to the command (eg. a `--verbose` flag) |

## FAQ

### How can I test my configuration and what do the main parameters stand for ?

> @TODO@

Reviewer: TODO :)

### Why do I get the following error message: 

#### ```UNKNOWN: 500 Can't connect to myserver.mycompany.com:19999```

> This error message means that the Centreon Plugin couldn't successfully connect to the Netdata agent API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This error message means that the Centreon Plugin couldn't successfully connect to the Nimble device API.

```

Check that no third party device (such as a firewall) is blocking the request.
A proxy connection may also be necessary to connect to the API. 
This can be done by using this option in the command: ```--proxyurl='http://proxy.mycompany:8080'```.

#### ```UNKNOWN: 501 Protocol scheme 'connect' is not supported |``` 

> When using a proxy to connect to the Netdata agent API, this error message means that the Centreon Plugin library does not support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using a proxy to connect to the Nimble API, this error message means that the Centreon Plugin library does not support

```
